[Music] Listen to me listen to me listen to me we have we have prepared the
compilation of all the complaints from Ari
Gameplay and Juan
Guarnizo in case they haven't told me
enough give me my favorite dish
come on let's go I'm going with triplete chat I'm
going with triplete people are saying
in the chat that they're not coming anymore
today today enjoy my last day no
man no no no no don't tell me don't
worry don't worry we'll come back we'll come
back you tell me if you want me to
stop it at some point okay eh Come on come on
because I'm not silencing you
I don't have to silence it so you can talk so the echo can't be heard go on you guys are excited for
tomorrow at the esland I'm going to say something very controversial I'm going to say something very controversial they have very good artists
LoL indigo is incredible and has a lot of public presence I love it I said that When I saw her at the last esland and and also when I saw her in now the last evening stopa is also very good I had the opportunity to see her now at the in in  what in the last evening where I presented it
seems like they can't think of
other artists for these events I mean we
already saw it in the last Tland
then we saw it again in the evening and
we see it again for this
for this third edition of the Tland
So I think like no it doesn't cause a
hype it doesn't generate a hype because I don't know I mean
as if they always bring the same thing I
understand that maybe it can be like
a little bit complicated but I feel that
hon could have done a lot even
bring maybe artists that weren't
as well known but that could give a
different show something more varied I feel
like I feel that apart now it
seems that ibai did it because it has
the same lineup But well eh They
also ask me if I'm going to go to
the evening I don't know the truth I doubt it I don't
know anything And the truth is that then
spending so much on travel is complicated
Most likely I will go to Spain soon
for the Final Four so maybe
going back to Spain again is going to
be a little bit difficult for now right
now I would consider not going to the evening
But well anything can  change everything can
happen but for issues expenses travel and
all that obviously they can't
pay tell me tell me it seems
surreal to me that this chick who must
have more money than me say that she can't
pay a 1000 bucks
round trip ticket to go to an event that
has millions of viewers and that
gives her more fame than she's ever had in
her entire life, I mean, that's more attention
than she's ever going to receive in her life
considering that last year she was also the
presenter but several have to have
to say Oh it's that if they don't
cover my castes and also I'm going to
complain about the hotel bed like the
other Juan does Well of course I'm not going
man I should I swear I would pay
money to be the presenter
of the evening, I mean and you're
telling me that someone is offering him
that opportunity and Ah well it's that since they do
n't pay me now this because maybe
the presenter is someone else I don't know what well
man it's that it's
crazy to me eh It's that also m It also does
n't make sense because it's not money
for these people Or  sea ​​no it is not it is not
me man No I can't afford a
trip to uh to go to Imagine the control
contrary to Mexico I could not
afford a trip every month obviously it
would be a bit of an unnecessary expense okay
but man once a year when
several come because several come Imagine
that they invite you to the eslan that were in
Mexico no and they tell you and we invite you but
you pay for the trip I would have gone man it's that I don't care it
's an experience
that is going to be epic cas DIF my case is
different you know what I'm telling you I mean it's
different But in hers it's that she is
part of those collaborations of
that group of streamers I know in my case it's
different because I would pass a little
clearly like you you have been seen a little clearly you have been
seen a little
from behind and We know it's
you but the whole audience of these people
maybe don't know who you were you
understand they will have seen nimu But you
Maybe they have seen you back there and they will not have realized
you understand but in
her case she is a person who is  in
these groups in these collaborations
when they make a series she was the
presenter of last year so
of course now she doesn't support gref, I mean
because it's like they've cut off
support before they supported each other okay
And yes I go to your series you go to
mine I mention you I nominate you I'll do it
And now suddenly Juan and Hari
have withdrawn support for gref I think there has
been an ultimatum from Juan
Ari and at this point Yes I think it has
been something of let's see that Juan is
quite clear about what happened in 2018 we
will all agree from there I mean it's that I
have or I mean
obviously I can't tell you Well yes
100% he was unfaithful or 100% this why
Because I don't I don't know I haven't been
there but it's that I have seven
different sources that have told me that they have
seen them hooking up, I mean eh friends eh And
then he left Well this is already talking too
much but I know that he has the same
information or more than me 100% eh whatever it is in the
end  we don't know what
kind of relationship they have we don't know if they
have an open relationship or not We don't know
what there is let's see what we do know Is that
today possibly that has
caused him a jealousy problem it's
understandable we will all agree
and from there on he will have said Look
at gref I don't want to know anything which is
understandable what surprises me as
you say is that he did it so late you
know is that we are we are talking about
five or so years ago eh or yes Okay then
Quiz Yes but it's also true that
when I mean right now we have a
tiktok that has like 5 million
views which is when windy said it in
the podcast you know we have a podcast with
a million views with windy we have
a podcast that has revived the topic it has
revived the topic and they have discussed of course we have a
podcast with Dallas that is
in two parts but I think it has like 2 and a
half million views where they
also comment on that we have the
corresponding tiktok from
Dallas that also confirms it with I don't know
how many millions like I understand that
this year it's possible that
a lot has been done Echo Of that In case anyone didn't
know Then I understand  that maybe
we don't know what's behind
this for my part I tell you no I'm
not proud of look now it is
known or it is not known e because in the
end it is something that well no it is not a dish
of good taste but the fact is that they should
know what has happened or what has stopped
happening if it were a lie it has to have
balls that he has been collaborating for six or 7 years
and letting that or rather letting
that Ari being the presenter of
the elan el gres making comments about
the breasts because there was one time when I made
a comment about the breasts I don't know what it
was do you remember a click that is out
there Oh I don't remember how it was
but well the gr el gres has been
making fun of the situation in
Juan's face because there was a lot Look let's
Speak clearly and without telling what I know is
worth because we are going to speak clearly
telling what what what is worth
el gres has been making fun of Juan
and that is what I have seen during
these years he has been making fun of him as if
saying Look at me r there is a clip there
in which  gref is ar with a very
large cleavage and gref eh is making faces I don't
remember if any comments but like he's
making a face eh When when they
sent him The donation when Dallas took it out
the gres laughed the gres has
been making fun of him and then
the other one has been the two of them Oh look at the message that he
sent me This one look at the message that the
other one come on I invite you to my series come on I
invite you to the other one come on now I'm going to
put your girlfriend to present my event
come on man please they are things that are not
things that are not and and gres has
been laughing at Juan and has made
fun of him several times I have
videos where gres hits him Indira
making fun of him you know it's like
[ __ ] man [ __ ] I see that I'm
not telling you to be in and
fighting because in the end it's
couple things that they decide How they carry their
relationship What they forgive what they don't
forgive Hey maybe Juan has also
messed up on some occasion okay Sure sure there
are things that are not
known either Of course but each  one in their partner,
but one thing is that you live life
and don't fight and such or a cordiality.
Hey, we meet somewhere. Good
afternoon, good morning, but another thing is that
I'll paint your Minecraft house.
I'll invite you to an event. Those are
things that I wouldn't put up with and I wouldn't
stand for them, I don't even see them, but these are
bigger things, okay? What I don't understand is, look,
just like we were talking before, maybe
Ricky and Daras need to have a debate,
okay, so we can stop with the nonsense.
I think that on Juan's part, Ari and
Greev need someone to say
things like, I don't know why they're
putting up with it so much.
Look, there are more things because
there are because because I know. I'll tell you, I'll tell
you without saying too much,
but you'll understand. I know things about
Juan that aren't known, eh, I know things about
Ari that aren't known, but I don't know what
Gref could have done that isn't there that isn't already
known. Box populi. So to speak, yes,
but let's see, of course,
your theory would fit me because, for example.  with the
only faman the same thing happened Juan is a
Juan is a person who Hey, I'm
a bit the same as him, I wouldn't stand
a couple and I don't see anything wrong with it, I don't
want to be taken out of context or
anything, yes, yes, there are people who are
more open-minded and and and they wouldn't
care or whatever, but
personally, I wouldn't stand a
couple, I couldn't, I'm sorry that the one
my partner had, okay, I wouldn't
stand that. Hey, I don't see anything wrong with it, I wouldn't
see anything wrong with it if a friend of mine did it,
in fact, I have friends who do it, okay,
here we've had girls that
I've gotten along with and they do it. I
think it's fine, they're not hurting
anyone, but I, for example, don't, and Juan can't
stand it, eh. And he's always been very critical
of girls who do olifa, I don't know
what, I don't know how much, suddenly when his
wife did it, he tolerated it, okay. And I
think he didn't tolerate it, I think he put up with it
because he was in love with
Ari and he had to eat it with potatoes
and there comes a time when Juan
breaks down on the only fan thing because
people  makes fun of him and really breaks down
And then hari decides since her
husband can't stand it anymore, she leaves the
fan that I told him if he makes you happy
and the reason is what people say, don't
leave him but of course the reason wasn't the
people the reason is that people said it
and it did affect him because if it didn't
affect him let people say what they want
and here Maybe the same thing has happened
now suddenly he has been swallowing he has
been swallowing But the time has come when
the subject has been revived because windy said it and they
must have argued at home again with the
subject I don't know what happened and they said well that's it I do
n't want you and I'll tell you
one thing in the end from my experience I
think it's a mistake to give an opinion about
people if we don't know what relationship they have
or stop having, we don't know if they
are together if they are not If they haven't been
if they have broken up if when that happened they
were or weren't if it happened or it didn't
happen we don't know anything about their relationship
we know what is sold in public
what has been sold in public
I think we will all be  I agree
that if her reaction is really closed
Juan should not be with him because it is
being that decision of each one Yes but it
is opinion it is opinion that if
really what is seen in public
is this type of thing I personally would
not have money that would pay me for that
humiliation okay again I understand
that each one is their world Each one
decides again just like you have
friends who do only fans I have
friends and friends who do only fans it is
something that they even have a partner they
do it with their partners I would never
do it with anyone okay nor would I like it
if I had a partner to do it So
on that side it is enough for me you know to say
each one does what they want with their
life now this type of attitudes
that we are seeing here I do not
like it Because projects are being harmed
third parties are being harmed
the audience is literally being lied to Because
reasons are being given about something that surely are not the
correct ones they are not the ones
behind this So I believe that in the
end a content creator has to
be honest with their audience So I
am upset about When I see this of Oh it
is that well it is that now I do not have any
expenses I do not know  what are you a
billionaire you have 15 million
followers I think I don't know where you should dees
earn I don't know how many millions a year I don't know
how many thousands a month you're
telling me that you don't have money for a [ __ ]
trip that if they don't pay for a hotel which is what you
earn maybe in half an afternoon you're
not going to go to an event the event that has
made you who you are today because if
Ari Gameplay hadn't been
presenting at one event or another or
collaborating with this one or that one you wouldn't
be where you are I mean what the hell balls do
you have to turn your
back on the one who made you grow
bite the hand that fed you it
seems to me a total lack of respect what I
'm seeing here so
the only reason why I would understand
Ari's attitude is either that there are things
that we don't know what it could be and
then I'm also going to keep that
margin of error or failing that
the reason is that Juan has given him an
ultimatum and said I don't want you to
humiliate me anymore another option Okay then you
always have to leave a margin of error
if something in his life  private also doesn't
have to give the
real explanations they'll be giving long and excuses you
know yes but to m I'm that dude I would be
very clear dude eh I don't know also I
'm not in their position I don't have 15
million followers I don't know what happens
if I have a partner who is unfaithful to me or
whatever or allegedly and I have those numbers
what I would do But I guess because of how
I am I would say Look, well this has happened
look eh I don't know dude Ricky well he already knows that they
were unfaithful to him for example and he
said it and and that's how it is I mean for me I think it
's sadder to do this
kind of I don't know mental filigrees
to be honest I would be honest I don't know no no no no I don't
understand everyone the
flights and all that no then like it
comes out of your account obviously yes it's
complicated but it's not known if it's in
Spain Well I don't know where it's going to be how long it
takes you to go to Andorra I don't know
exactly but a
[Music]
fart